docs: improve predicate main page (#1012)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: apps/docs/src/guide/predicates/index.md

<script setup>
  import { data } from '../../versions.data'
  const { forc } = data
  const swayDocs = `https://fuellabs.github.io/sway/v${forc}/book/`
  const introUrl = swayDocs.concat(`introduction/index.html`)
  const debbugUrl = swayDocs.concat(`sway-program-types/predicates.html?#debugging-predicates`)
</script>

# Predicates

Predicates in Sway are specific types of programs that return a boolean value, meaning they function like rules that a transaction must follow to be valid.

They don't have access to the information written on the blockchain – they make decisions based solely on the received parameters.

These predicates are pure functions, which means they don't cause any unintended side effects.

The key difference here is that instead of checking these rules directly on the blockchain, we check them 'off' the blockchain first. Once we're confident they're valid, we then record the transaction on the blockchain.

> This method is not only more efficient but also helps to prevent traffic jams on the network and makes transactions cheaper. It does so by reducing the need for repetitive calculations on the blockchain.

Reviewer: This is a lot better, nice one 🚀

# Predicates

> Predicates in Sway are specific types of programs that return a boolean value. Since they are pure functions, they do not produce side effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Predicates are a Sway program type that return a boolean value. Since they are pure functions, they do not produce side effects.
```

Reviewer: Should we be making some more reference to what predicates _are_? Or do we expect people to be aware of their characteristics and have come from a Sway realm? Sometimes there seem to be some confusion on this when people have come straight to the TS SDK or not delved into program types.

Something along the lines of: Predicates represent conditions that need to be satisfied for a transaction to be considered valid. A predicate is executed off-chain until validated, in which the transaction will be executed.  This reduces congestion and gas costs for carrying out similar computations on-chain.

Reviewer 2: I agree we could expand on it, but the suggested paragraph sounds complex/abstract to me. 🤔 

We could draw inspiration from the other docs and also add links to both at the end of the page:
 - https://fuellabs.github.io/sway/v0.39.0/book/sway-program-types/predicates.html
 - http://rust.fuel.network/v0.41.0/getting-started/predicates.html

Author: @danielbate @arboleya could you please provide your opinion on the description in this commit? I would appreciate your feedback:

https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/pull/1012/commits/3ca35392970a24cc156a572e0fd53b3a49a26b00#diff-58e11a4f3fa5238fff5b1b250ae6d34637d64e9f1a403ffbd27ec046421c959eR9-R13

Reviewer 2: Much better! ⚡ 

Final considerations:

 - Perhaps we could have a small "Debugging" section summarizing [this](https://fuellabs.github.io/sway/v0.39.0/book/sway-program-types/predicates.html#debugging-predicates) (or a link to it)
 - IIRC, Predicates can't read state and only operate based on the parameters they receive. Is that correct? If yes, this is another thing we could mention.
 - After all of this, see if there's any value in adding the links to the other docs (Sway, Rust SDK) at the end of the page or where relevant.

## Instantiating predicates

> A predicate can be as simple as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A predicate in Sway can be as simple as the following:
```

<<< @/../../docs-snippets/projects/return-true-predicate/src/main.sw#predicate-index-1{rust:line-numbers}

In this minimal example, the `main` function does not accept any parameters and simply returns true.

> Just like contracts in Sway, once you've created a predicate, you can compile it using `forc build`. For more information on working with Sway, refer to our <a :href="url" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Sway documentation</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like contracts in Sway, once you've created a predicate, you can compile it using `forc build`. For more information on working with Sway, refer to the <a :href="url" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Sway documentation</a>.
```

> After compiling, you will obtain the binary of the predicate and its JSON ABI (Application Binary Interface). Using these, you can instantiate a predicate as shown in the code snippet below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After compiling, you will obtain the binary of the predicate and its JSON ABI (Application Binary Interface). Using these, you can instantiate a predicate in TypeScript as shown in the code snippet below:
```

<<< @/../../docs-snippets/src/guide/predicates/index.test.ts#predicate-index-2{ts:line-numbers}

The created `Predicate` instance, among other things, has two important properties: the predicate `bytes` (byte code) and the predicate `address`.

This address, generated from the byte code, corresponds to the Pay-to-Script-Hash (P2SH) address used in Bitcoin.

## Working with Predicates

> Users can send assets to the predicate address as they would to any other address on the blockchain. To spend funds stored at the predicate address, users must provide the original byte code of the predicate and, at times, the predicate data as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can send assets to the predicate address as they would to any other address on the blockchain. To spend funds stored at the predicate address, users must provide the original byte code of the predicate and, if required, the predicate data.
```

> The predicate data is related to the parameters received by the predicate's `main` function. This data comes into play during the byte code's execution. If the `main` function does not have any parameters, there is no data to be provided, therefore, we do not provide the predicate data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The predicate data relates to the parameters received by the predicate's `main` function. This data comes into play during the byte code's execution. If the `main` function does not have any parameters then there is no data to be provided, therefore we do not provide the predicate data.
```

> If the predicate is validated successfully, the funds will be accessible. Otherwise, the SDK will throw an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the predicate is validated successfully, the funds will be accessible. Otherwise, the SDK will throw a validation error.
```
